README.md, before:

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/930970630612979782?label=Hotham%20Discord)](https://discord.gg/SZEZUX6ZsQ)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](LICENSE-MIT)
[![License: Apache 2.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](LICENSE-APACHE)

![Hotham Logo](logo.jpg?raw=true)

# Introduction
G'day, and welcome to Hotham! 👋

Hotham is an attempt to create a lightweight, high performance game engine for mobile VR headsets. It's primarily aimed at small (1-5 person) teams of mostly technical folk who are looking to create games for devices like the Oculus Quest, but find existing tools cumbersome to work with. You can learn more about the project [in the FAQ](https://github.com/leetvr/hotham/wiki/FAQ).

# Getting started
Hotham is a complex project with many moving parts! Have no fear - we've written an easy to follow [Getting Started guide](https://github.com/leetvr/hotham/wiki/Getting-started) that will have you running our example application in no time. Head on over to [getting started](https://github.com/leetvr/hotham/wiki/Getting-started) to.. get.. started.

# Sponsoring
Hotham's development is only possible thanks to the support of the community. It's currently being developed on full time by [@kanerogers](https://github.com/kanerogers) If you'd like to help make VR development in Rust possible, please [consider becoming a donor](https://github.com/sponsors/leetvr). 💗

# Progress 🔨
- [x] Vulkan renderer
- [x] OpenXR integration
- [x] Android (eg. Oculus Quest) support
- [x] Simple Windows-based OpenXR simulator
- [x] Import of [glTF](https://www.khronos.org/gltf/) models
- [x] Support for skinned models
- [x] Support for animations
- [x] Hand/controller presence
- [x] Object grabbing support
- [x] Physics (eg. collision detection) support
- [x] [Basic PBR support](https://github.com/leetvr/hotham/issues/65)
- [x] [Simple debug UI](https://github.com/leetvr/hotham/issues/96)
- [x] [Sound support](https://github.com/leetvr/hotham/issues/52)
- [x] [Text/UI support](https://github.com/leetvr/hotham/issues/93)

# Current Demo
![Beat Saber](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2022375/152466675-b6a28557-4cbb-4acc-8177-f2126179ef02.gif)

# Future goals ✨
- [ ] Visual editor
- [ ] Fast reloading
- [ ] OpenXR record/playback for integration testing
- [ ] Better debugging support
- [ ] Better performance profiling support

## License

Licensed under either of

 * Apache License, Version 2.0
   ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
 * MIT license
   ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

at your option.

## Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0 license, shall be
dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or conditions.

Commit message:

Update references to "Beat Saber"
Closes #142

README.md, after:

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/930970630612979782?label=Hotham%20Discord)](https://discord.gg/SZEZUX6ZsQ)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](LICENSE-MIT)
[![License: Apache 2.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](LICENSE-APACHE)

![Hotham Logo](logo.jpg?raw=true)

# Introduction
G'day, and welcome to Hotham! 👋

Hotham is an attempt to create a lightweight, high performance game engine for mobile VR headsets. It's primarily aimed at small (1-5 person) teams of mostly technical folk who are looking to create games for devices like the Oculus Quest, but find existing tools cumbersome to work with. You can learn more about the project [in the FAQ](https://github.com/leetvr/hotham/wiki/FAQ).

# Getting started
Hotham is a complex project with many moving parts! Have no fear - we've written an easy to follow [Getting Started guide](https://github.com/leetvr/hotham/wiki/Getting-started) that will have you running our example application in no time. Head on over to [getting started](https://github.com/leetvr/hotham/wiki/Getting-started) to.. get.. started.

# Sponsoring
Hotham's development is only possible thanks to the support of the community. It's currently being developed on full time by [@kanerogers](https://github.com/kanerogers) If you'd like to help make VR development in Rust possible, please [consider becoming a donor](https://github.com/sponsors/leetvr). 💗

# Progress 🔨
- [x] Vulkan renderer
- [x] OpenXR integration
- [x] Android (eg. Oculus Quest) support
- [x] Simple Windows-based OpenXR simulator
- [x] Import of [glTF](https://www.khronos.org/gltf/) models
- [x] Support for skinned models
- [x] Support for animations
- [x] Hand/controller presence
- [x] Object grabbing support
- [x] Physics (eg. collision detection) support
- [x] [Basic PBR support](https://github.com/leetvr/hotham/issues/65)
- [x] [Simple debug UI](https://github.com/leetvr/hotham/issues/96)
- [x] [Sound support](https://github.com/leetvr/hotham/issues/52)
- [x] [Text/UI support](https://github.com/leetvr/hotham/issues/93)

# Current Demo
![Crab Saber](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2022375/152466675-b6a28557-4cbb-4acc-8177-f2126179ef02.gif)

# Future goals ✨
- [ ] Visual editor
- [ ] Fast reloading
- [ ] OpenXR record/playback for integration testing
- [ ] Better debugging support
- [ ] Better performance profiling support

## License

Licensed under either of

 * Apache License, Version 2.0
   ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
 * MIT license
   ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

at your option.

## Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0 license, shall be
dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or conditions.

## Disclaimer
1. Trademarks are the property of their respective owners
